Changing links from http to https for better indexation (#236)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/data-modeling/guide-data-modeling.adoc

Every data model is unique, depending on the use case and the types of questions that users need to answer with the data.
Because of this, there is no "one-size-fits-all" approach to data modeling.
Using best practices and careful modeling will provide the most valuable result in producing an accurate data model that benefits your processes and use case.

> A walkthrough of designs for different use cases is https://neo4j.com/docs/getting-started/4.4/data-modeling/modeling-designs/[in the following section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A walkthrough of designs for different use cases is xref:data-modeling/modeling-designs.adoc[in the following section].
```
